Miscellaneous style guide edits (#6441)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_api/home.md

    tags:
      - User Data
  - name: <a href='/docs/api/endpoints/messaging/send_messages/post_send_triggered_campaigns/'>/campaigns/trigger/send</a>

>     description: Send immediate, impromptu messages to designated users via API-triggered delivery.

Author: ```suggestion
    description: Send immediate, one-off messages to designated users via API-triggered delivery.
```

      - Send Messages
  - name: <a href='/docs/api/endpoints/messaging/send_messages/post_send_triggered_canvases/'>/canvas/trigger/send</a>
    description: Send Canvas messages via API-Triggered delivery.
      - Send Messages
  - name: <a href='/docs/api/endpoints/messaging/send_messages/post_send_messages/'>/messages/send</a>

>     description: Send immediate, impromptu messages to designated users via the Braze API.

Author: ```suggestion
    description: Send immediate, lx/sg messages to designated users via the Braze API.
```

    tags:
      - Send Messages
  - name: <a href='/docs/api/endpoints/messaging/send_messages/post_create_send_ids/'>/sends/id/create</a>
    description: Create send IDs that can be used to send messages and track message performance programmatically, without campaign creation for each send.
    tags:
      - Send Messages
  - name: <a href='/docs/api/endpoints/messaging/send_messages/post_send_transactional_message/'>/transactional/v1/campaigns/{CAMPAIGN_ID}/send</a>

>     description: Send immediate, impromptu transactional messages to a designated user.

Author: ```suggestion
    description: Send immediate, one-off transactional messages to a designated user.
```
